
Hey kids (Hey PewDiePie)
Gather 'round little ones, it's music time (Yay)
Here is the story that I'm tellin' (What is it?)
About a stupid fuckin' bitch-ass melon (Yay)


Coco, coco, co
You fuckin' with my mojo-jo-jo-jo (Everybody)
Coco, coco, co
You started, so let's go, go, go, go, go (Let's go)


Ga-ga-ga-ga-ga-ga-goo, fuck your dad and mama too
Coco in a chokehold, I'll go loco if you want me to
Ga-ga-ga-ga-ga-ga-gee, you ain't fuckin' passin' me
Last time that I dissed, it took a government to blacklist me
Yeah, I saw your shit, ew, fuckin' cringe (Ew)
It's not even funny and your head is really big (Why?)
Oh, you're approaching me? What, you think I'm nervous? (Ha)
Your audience is just a bunch of motherfuckin' virgins (Haha)
Don't tell your mama, don't be a fuckin' snitch
Don't be like 6ix9ine, that rainbow fuckin' bitch
Spartan shit, yeet a baby straight off a cliff (What?)
If they make it out alive, I'll be their Make-A-Wish


Coco, coco, co
You fuckin' with my mojo-jo-jo-jo (Hey)
Coco, coco, co
You started, so let's go, go, go, go, go


Fuck your daddy, fuck your mommy too
Fuck everything you love, most of all, fuck you (Oh)
Cry, cry, cry, yeah, I don't give a shit (He's crazy)
I'm your mommy now, you wittle baby bitch
I'll say anything, I don't give a fuck (What?)
Santa isn't real, it's your daddy dressed up (What?)
Mommy's always lying when she says you're really smart
Your dog is not in Heaven, he is rotting in the yard
Haha, big sad
I'll spoil Harry Potter, wait, J.K. already did that
Haha, you on that baby shit
I'ma teach you 'bout the real world, baby bitch (Bath time)
Scrub behind your ears (Okay), then you rinse your eyes (Okay)
And when you leave the tub, watch out for 6ix9ine (Letters)
A is for apple, B is for butts
C is for, "Can you shut the fuck up?" (Manners)
Rainbow bitch, hair too bright
He a dumb-dumb who can't fight, fight, fight
Don't eat lead paint or you'll cry, cry, cry
Then your brain will end up like 6ix9ine-9ine-9ine (Facts)


Coco, coco, co
You fuckin' with my mojo-jo-jo-jo (Okay)
Coco, coco, co
You started, so let's go, go, go, go, go (Okay)


A billion views a week (What?), a billion views a week (Wow)
Babies must be viewing when their mommy is asleep
While their brain is developing, before they can talk
They learn to subscribe before they can walk (Wow)
Little three-year-olds with withdrawal symptoms
Mommy, please don't take away the algorithm (Okay)
And they won't quit until they get all of the children
Who gives a shit when you're beggin' for a hundred million?


I'm just playin' Coco, you know I love you
Not 6ix9ine, though, ankle monitor-wearing ****
I challenge you in a legal fight
Otherwise, you's a rainbow bitch
Why is he dissin' 6ix9ine?
